So many movies, so little time… To make sure you do not miss any good movies, you absolutely need a
software application to help you manage your films and create watch lists. The application can be used
in two modes: administrator and user. When the application is started, it will offer the option to choose
the mode.

Create a graphical user interface (GUI) for the problem, using Qt Framework.

Administrator mode: The application will have a database, which holds all the movies. You must be
able to update the database, meaning: add a new movie, delete a movie and update the information of
a movie. Each Movie has a title, a genre, a year of release, a number of likes and a trailer. The trailer is
memorised as a link towards an online resource. The administrators will also have the option to see all
the movies in the database.



User mode: A user can create a watch list with the movies that he wants to watch. The application will
allow the user to:
a. See the movies in the database having a given genre (if the genre is empty, see all the
movies), one by one. When the user chooses this option, the data of the first movie (title,
genre, year of release, number of likes) is displayed and the trailer is played in the browser.
b. If the user likes the trailer, he/she can choose to add the movie to his/her watch list.
c. If the trailer is not satisfactory, the user can choose not to add the movie to the watch list
and to continue to the next. In this case, the information corresponding to the next movie is
shown and the user is again offered the possibility to add it to the watch list. This can
continue as long as the user wants, as when arriving to the end of the list of movies with the
given genre, if the user chooses next, the application will again show the first movie.
d. Delete a movie from the watch list, after the user watched the movie. When deleting a
movie from the watch list, the user can also rate the movie (with a like), and in this case, the
likes of the movie in the repository will be increased.
e. See the watch list.

* Store your data in a text file. When the program starts, the entities in the database (file) will be
read. The modifications made during the execution of the application should be stored in the file.
For this feature, use the iostream library. Create insertion and extraction operators for your
entities and use these when reading/writing to files or console.

* Use exceptions to signal errors:
- from the repository;
- validation errors – validate your entities using Validator classes;
- create your own exception classes.
Validate your input data.

* Depending on your assignment, store your: movie watch list in a file. When the application starts, the user should 
choose the type of file (CSV or HTML)(Inheritance and Polymorphism).
Depending on this type, the application should save the list in the correct format. 

* Displaying the list means opening the saved file (csv or html) with the correct application:
- CSV file – with Notepad, Notepad++, Microsoft Excel or OpenOffice Calc
- HTML file – with a browser

* Add a multiple undo and redo functionality for the operations “add”, “remove”, “update” in
your repository. Implement this functionality using inheritance and polymorphism. You will
have an “Undo” and “Redo” buttons on your GUI

* Create a new window which presents the contents of your: movie watch list.
